docs: Add first partial documentation site with docz (#58)
Bojagi/pablo: src/docs/Theme.mdx

---
name: Theme
route: /theme
---

# Theme

The theme is a set of design primitives that affect the look of all your UI across all components.
This includes color, spacing, typography (like font sizes, weight, line heights etc.) and breakpoints.

The theme needs to be initialized with the `PabloThemeProvider`.

```jsx
import { PabloThemeProvider } from '@bojagi/pablo/theme';

const customTheme = { /* your custom theme */ };

const App = () => (
  <PabloThemeProvider theme={customTheme}>
    /* The rest of your app */
  </PabloThemeProvider>
)
```

> You can only overwrite some of the theme values. They will be merged with the default ones.

Reviewer: this sounds like you cannt overwrite everything, i would rephrase this to sth like

```suggestion
You can overwrite all or just some of the theme values. They will be merged with the default ones to create a complete theme.
```
